docs(demo): add demo page (#466)
armory/docs: content/en/docs/Overview/demo/install-demo.md

You can do this through the AWS Console or the AWS CLI:

```bash
aws ec2 run-instances --image-id `ami-<xxxxxxxx>` --count 1 --instance-type t3.xlarge --key-name `<MyKeyPair>`
```

* Replace `ami-<xxxxxxxx>` with an Ubuntu 18.04 AMI
* Replace `<MyKeyPair>` with your key pair name

As best practice, make sure to configure the Security Group to only allow access from your trusted source IPs.  This ensures that only engineers from your company can access the Armory demo.

For this instance, make sure the following ports are open:

* `22` for SSH 
* `80` for redirects
* `443` for the GUI and API
* `30080` for the demo app

> The example above assume an EC2 instance in AWS, but you can use any similar virtual machine from your preferred cloud provider (GCP, Azure, OCI, etc.).

## Install Minnaker

1. Log into the instance created above and run the following commands.

    ```bash
    # Download the latest release of Minnaker:
    curl -LO https://github.com/armory/minnaker/releases/latest/download/minnaker.tgz
    # Extract Minnaker from the archive:
    tar -xzvf minnaker.tgz
    # Execute the installation script:
    ./minnaker/scripts/install.sh
    ```

>     The commands above declaratively deploy Armory using git clone, [kustomize](https://kustomize.io/), and [Armory Operator](/docs/installation/operator/).  The entire configuration is gitops enabled for you so you can ‘git push’ your configurations to your own source control. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The commands above declaratively deploy Armory using `git clone`, [Kustomize](https://kustomize.io/), and [Armory Operator]({{< ref "operator" >}}).  The entire configuration is GitOps enabled for you so you can ‘git push’ your configurations to your own source control. 
```

For this instance, make sure the following ports are open:

* `22` for SSH 
* `80` for redirects
* `443` for the GUI and API
* `30080` for the demo app

> This example assume an EC2 instance in AWS, but you can use any similar virtual machine from your preferred cloud provider (GCP, Azure, OCI, etc.).

## Install Minnaker

1. Log into the instance created above and run the following commands. Replace the `curl` target with the latest source code `tar.gz` file from the [releases](https://github.com/armory/minnaker/releases/) page:

    ```bash
    # Download the latest release of Minnaker:
    curl -LO https://github.com/armory/minnaker/archive/refs/tags/v0.1.2.tar.gz
    # Extract Minnaker from the archive:
    tar -xzvf v0.1.2.tar.gz
    # Rename the minnaker directory:
    mv minnaker-0.1.* minnaker
    # Execute the installation script:
    ./minnaker/scripts/install.sh
    ```

    The commands above declaratively deploy Armory using `git clone`, [Kustomize](https://kustomize.io/), and [Armory Operator]({{< ref "operator" >}}).  The entire configuration is GitOps enabled for you so you can ‘git push’ your configurations to your own source control. 

> 1. The creating of namespaces, loading for CRD and Operator takes around 3 minutes to get Spinnaker fully installed with all services in a “Running” state. The script ends by running a `watch` command to monitor the state of deployment. The environment is ready when the `spinnakerservice` service reads an "OK" status:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The creating of namespaces, loading for CRD and Operator takes around 3 minutes to get Spinnaker fully installed with all services in a “Running” state. The script ends by running a `watch` command to monitor the state of deployment. The environment is ready when the `spinnakerservice` object reads an "OK" status:
```
